Now let's dive right in
and let's start with executing jobs and steps conditionally.
And we have two main tools for that.
For one, there is the if field
that can be added to both jobs and steps
to add a condition to a job or a step,
and only if that condition is met,
that job or step will be executed.
Steps also have a second field that can be added.
The continue-on-error field,
which allows you to specify
that the other steps of the job
should still execute even if a single step fails.
And for both the if fields
as well as the continue-on-error field,
you can add your own conditions
with help of Expressions,
but that's exactly what we'll explore
in practice over the next lectures.